Add troubleshooting section for Web Terminal (#1336)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/tutorials-howtos/project-and-cluster-management/web-terminal/_index.en.md

the user is asked for extending the terminal for more 30 minutes.

![Web Terminal sequence diagram](/img/kubermatic/main/ui/web_terminal_sequence_diagram.png?classes=shadow,border)

## Troubleshooting

### Connection being closed after some time

KKP nginx ingress controller is configured with 1 hour proxy timeout to support long-lasting connections of webterminal. In case that you use a different ingress controller in your setup, you may need to extend the timeouts for the `kubermatic` ingress - e.g. in case of nginx ingress controller, you can add these annotations to have a 1 hour "read" and "send" timeouts:
```
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-read-timeout: "3600"
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-send-timeout: "3600"
```

### Cannot connect to other pods or internet from the web terminal pod

> The `network policy` deployed to the user cluster restricts access from the web terminal `pod` and allow only the egress to the Kubernetes API server. Therefore you will not be able to access any other pods in the cluster from the web terminal pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `network policy` deployed to the user cluster restricts access from the web terminal `pod` and allows only the egress traffic to the Kubernetes API server. Therefore you will not be able to access any other pods in the cluster from the web terminal pod.
```
